
Note: Quick description of the researcher and their dissertation/thesis. This page is more for people who are curious about not 
only where my data comes from, but also the individual research of the others that I will credit in my work. Some of these papers are 
actually on their own, very interesting! I suggest checking out especially, who I will refer to most throughout this project (1). He also
makes YouTube videos that present the information of his/other's papers in a digestible, entertaining, and interesting format. 


1) 

The Technical University of Wien, Austria, Vienna (Károly Zsolnai-Fehér - Technische Universität Wien (TU Wien) 
   * Thesis on Photorealistic Material Learning and Synthesis

2020 Abstract:


Light transport simulations are the industry-standard way of creating convincing photorealistic 
imagery and are widely used in creating animation movies, computer animations,
medical and architectural visualizations among many other notable applications. These
techniques simulate how millions of rays of light interact with a virtual scene, where
the realism of the final output depends greatly on the quality of the used materials and
the geometry of the objects within this scene. In this thesis, we endeavor to address
two key issues pertaining to photorealistic material synthesis: first, creating convincing
photorealistic materials requires years of expertise in this field and requires a non-trivial
amount of trial and error from the side of the artist. We propose two learning-based
methods that enables novice users to easily and quickly synthesize photorealistic materials
by learning their preferences and recommending arbitrarily many new material models
that are in line with their artistic vision. We also augmented these systems with a neural
renderer that performs accurate light-transport simulation for these materials orders of
magnitude quicker than the photorealistic rendering engines commonly used for these
tasks. As a result, novice users are now able to perform mass-scale material synthesis,
and even expert users experience a significant improvement in modeling times when many
material models are sought.
Second, simulating subsurface light transport leads to convincing translucent material
visualizations, however, most published techniques either take several hours to compute
an image, or make simplifying assumptions regarding the underlying physical laws of
volumetric scattering. We propose a set of real-time methods to remedy this issue by
decomposing well-known 2D convolution filters into a set of separable 1D convolutions
while retaining a high degree of visual accuracy. These methods execute within a few
milliseconds and can be inserted into state-of-the-art rendering systems as a simple
post-processing step without introducing intrusive changes into the rendering pipeline.




2) 


A Hybrid Material Point Method for Frictional Contact with
Diverse Materials
XUCHEN HAN, University of California, Los Angeles, USA
THEODORE F. GAST, JIXIE EFFECTS, USA
QI GUO, University of California, Los Angeles, USA
STEPHANIE WANG, University of California, Los Angeles, USA
CHENFANFU JIANG, University of Pennsylvania, USA
JOSEPH TERAN, University of California, Los Angeles, USA

2019 Abstract: 

We present a new hybrid Lagrangian Material Point Method for simulating elastic objects like hair, rubber,
and soft tissues that utilizes a Lagrangian mesh for internal force computation and an Eulerian mesh for self
collision as well as coupling with external materials. While recent Material Point Method (MPM) techniques
allow for natural simulation of hyperelastic materials represented with Lagrangian meshes, they utilize an
updated Lagrangian discretization where the Eulerian grid degrees of freedom are used to take variations of the
potential energy. This often coarsens the degrees of freedom of the Lagrangian mesh and can lead to artifacts.
We develop a hybrid approach that retains Lagrangian degrees of freedom while still allowing for natural
coupling with other materials simulated with traditional MPM, e.g. sand, snow, etc. Furthermore, while recent
MPM advances allow for resolution of frictional contact with codimensional simulation of hyperelasticity, they
do not generalize to the case of volumetric materials. We show that our hybrid approach resolves these issues.
We demonstrate the efficacy of our technique with examples that involve elastic soft tissues coupled with


